feat: add ciliumcon eu 2025 (#568)
cilium/cilium.io: content/events/2025-04-01-ciliumcon-eu/index.md

---
date: '2025-04-01T11:00:00.000Z'
region: Europe
place: London, England
title: 'CiliumCon Europe 2025'

> ogSummary: 'CiliumCon is a full-day co-located event for Cilium users, contributors, and new community members. Join us for an amazing CiliumCon in Europe!'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'CiliumCon is a KubeCon co-located event for Cilium users, contributors, and new community members. Join us for an amazing CiliumCon in Europe!'
```
